## Variable Fields
This addon allows you to use variables for data paths. essentially allowing you to make variants of objects. Its very usefull for working with a team that is not fluid in blender but wants to be able to change some values without having to understand the whole prorgam. 

In devmode you can define "fields" and evaluations for those fields. Generic data types can be just used like this. for example a string on a data path of a text "bpy.data.objects['Text'].body" will change the text of the text object. or a float field on a data path of "bpy.data.objects['Cube'].size" will scale the cube, just like a float on "bpy.data.objects['Cube'].size[0]" will only scale the x axis.
if you want to have more complex evaluations, you can define a script inside the blendfile. For example if you want to have a Color field that changes the color of a material and the hex code in a text object you can define a script for that. Example scripts and some defaults are inside the addon.
You can also define "Actions" to for the user to run. Like "Render all Alternatives" or "Randomize all fields". this will spawn a button in the UI that the user can click to run the action.
Alternatives are structures that hold different values for the fields. you can have as many alternatives as you want and they will be saved in the blendfile. For example "Green Variant"  or "Blue Variant" those alternatives share all the same fields but with different values. you can then switch between those alternatives in the UI and see the changes in real time (if the auto update toggle is active next to the Update button).
Scopes are diffent layers of alternatives. if you want to have lets say differnt versions of your main object and also for the background object, you can define a "Main Object" Scope that holds all allternatives for the main object and a "Background Object" Scope that holds all alternatives for the background object. you can then switch between those scopes in the UI. 